Personnage z : 
            Aladdin, young boy living with his monkey Abou
             Jasmine, the young rebelian princess
             Baltazar, the evil magician 
             the magic jinny, 
	     A parrot that talks all the time
	     a magic carptet, which does not really talks (bordorodokokkino)

Lieu: 
    City of Bagdate (Chalifate)

Histoire: 
   Aladin was in the city's of Bagdate, trying to steal something to eat when he saw a young girl trying taking a fruit to eat. He did not realized that it was Princess Jiasmine, his future wife. Then off course he fell in love with her, but the story does not end here. A magician called Baltazar remarked Aladdin and try to have a deal with him. Actually he need a young man to go into a secret magic cave and find a big treasure. This was the magic lamp. Aladdin was tricked from the magician and stacked in the cave, alone with the lamp. Then by accident he rubed it and found that a jinny was hidden there. With his three wishes he could know do anything. But the onloy thing he had inhis mind was to conquer Jasmine's hart. The rules although are strict: the jinny cannot make anyone to love some other... 	What will happen when the lamp is put in the hands of the evil magician Baltazar?

Aladin est un voleur avec un grand coeur qui tombe amoureaux de la princess Jasmine qui se trouve un jours au marchee de Bagdate pour echapee de la presion d etre riche et belle. Gaspar, un mage et conseille du chalif utilise Aladdin pour recuper la lampe de jinny qui se trouve dans la cave magique. Aladdin ne  se fait pas marche dessus il recuper la lampe, et avec les trois veux il essaie de conceirir le coeur de Jasmine... Mais le jinny ne peut pas faire personne tombee amoureau de personne d'autre. Il faut conquerir la princess autrement. Qu'est ce que va ce passer quand Baltazar prend a ces mains la lampe magique?

Avis: One of the gratest stories ever made in a movie with modern grafics
The song is know cult: Ce reve bleu... 

   I DO NOT NO FRENCH OR ENGLISH NAMES OF OTHER SONGS